---
id: 9910
title: 'O&#8217;Rourke语录'
date: 2008-10-17T13:08:00+00:00
author: jiang
layout: post
guid: http://li-and-jiang.com/blog/2008/10/17/orourke%e8%af%ad%e5%bd%95/
permalink: /2008/10/17/orourke%e8%af%ad%e5%bd%95/
categories:
  - 生活
---
<div>
  <font face="Arial"></font> 
</div>

<div>
  <font face="Arial">今天是国际反贫困日(<a href="http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/social/intldays/IntlDay/2008/2008intlday.html">International<br /> Day for the Eradication of Poverty</a>)。今年的主题是<em>Human Rights and Dignity of<br /> People Living in Poverty</em>，大致说<a href="http://daccessdds.un.org/doc/UNDOC/GEN/N06/487/55/PDF/N0648755.pdf?OpenElement">贫困也是对人权的侵犯，改善人权有助于消除贫困</a>。巧的是，公司的Quote<br /> of the day便是P.J. O&#8217;Rourke的一句：</font>
</div>

<div>
  <font face="Arial"></font> 
</div>

<div align="left">
  <font face="Arial">       <br />     You can&#8217;t get rid of poverty by giving people<br /> money.</font>
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  <font face="Arial">消除贫困，眼下只谈风月。<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P._J._O'Rourke">P.J.<br /> O&#8217;Rourke</a>是现在美国的一个政治讽刺作家。这个行当，讲究风趣机智(wit)，钱钟书那种风格便是。随手附上些O&#8217;Rourke的语录。</font>
</div>

<font face="Arial"></p> 

<div>
  <font size="2"></font><br /><strong>Marriage（婚姻男女）</strong>
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  1. Staying married may have long-term benefits. You can elicit much more<br /> sympathy from friends over a bad marriage than you ever can from a good<br /> divorce.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  2. The proper behavior all through the holiday season is to be drunk. This<br /> drunkenness culminates on New Year&#8217;s Eve, when you get so drunk you kiss the<br /> person you&#8217;re married to.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  3. There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal,<br /> particularly in women. Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 380SL<br /> convertible.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  4. There is one thing women can never take away from men. We die<br /> sooner.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  <strong>Adolescent and Education（青少年教育）</strong>
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  1. Because of their size, parents may be difficult to discipline<br /> properly.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  2. Even very young children need to be informed about dying. Explain the<br /> concept of death very carefully to your child. This will make threatening him<br /> with it much more effective.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  3. Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have<br /> them.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  4. If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health,<br /> slow your mind, make you fat &#8211; in other words, turn you into an adult.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  5. Let&#8217;s reintroduce corporal punishment in the schools &#8211; and use it on the<br /> teachers.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  6. The weirder you&#8217;re going to behave, the more normal you should look. It<br /> works in reverse, too. When I see a kid with three or four rings in his nose, I<br /> know there is absolutely nothing extraordinary about that person.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  7. You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where<br /> they came from and refuse to tell you where they&#8217;re going.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  <strong>Politics（政治）</strong>
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  1. Every government is a parliament of whores. The trouble is, in a<br /> democracy, the whores are us.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  2. Feeling good about government is like looking on the bright side of any<br /> catastrophe. When you quit looking on the bright side, the catastrophe is still<br /> there.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  3. Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys<br /> to teenage boys.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  4. If government were a product, selling it would be illegal.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  5. The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter,<br /> taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn. The Republicans are the<br /> party that says government doesn&#8217;t work and then they get elected and prove<br /> it.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  6. The mystery of government is not how Washington works but how to make it<br /> stop.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  7. There is only one basic human right, the right to do as you damn well<br /> please. And with it comes the only basic human duty, the duty to take the<br /> consequences.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  8. Whatever it is that the government does, sensible Americans would prefer<br /> that the government does it to somebody else. This is the idea behind foreign<br /> policy.
</div>

<div>
  <font size="2"></font> 
</div>

<div>
  9. When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things<br /> to be bought and sold are legislators.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  <strong>Miscellaneous（其他）</strong>
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  1. After all, what is your host&#8217;s purpose in having a party? Surely not for<br /> you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they&#8217;d have simply sent<br /> champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  2. Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the<br /> middle of it.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  3. Gossip is what you say about the objects of flattery when they aren&#8217;t<br /> present.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  4. Never wear anything that panics the cat.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  5. There&#8217;s one more terrifying fact about old people: I&#8217;m going to be one<br /> soon.
</div>

<div>
   
</div>

<div>
  6. It is better to spend money like there&#8217;s no tomorrow, than to spend<br /> tonight like there&#8217;s no money.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<p>
  </font> 
</p>